docs: Obliged to sign commits in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#1571)
probabl-ai/skore: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Signing Commits
---------------

> You have to sign your commits before submitting a pull-request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a pull request to be accepted, all the commits inside of it must be signed.
```
